# Board Meeting 23rd September, 2023

Meeting started: 15:12

### Attendance
- Alex
- Rodions
- Tadj
- George
- Laurie
- Ruslan Abdulin
- Alex
- Iris (Online)
- Edmunds (Online)
- Rasmus
- Anas (Observer)

### Election of Chair of the meeting
- Tadj
### Election of meeting secretary
- Rodions
### Election of meeting adjustor
- George
### Meeting Called in accordance of Rules
- Yes

### Last Meeting Notes
- Dmitrov resigned from board.
- Code of conduct voted and agreed upon.
- Dave resigned from board.
- Johan G resigned from board.

- A contested election was held, wherein:
    - Tadj elected as President.
    - Rodions elected as Treasurer.
    - Gertrud elected as Vice-president.


### Current Events:
- Iris is resigning from the board.
- Removal from LK
- Setting up time to be reinstated with LK
- Bank details transfer requirements and status.
- ARG creation with the 'Cultural' Club


### Motions and Important Matters

#### Motion to Agree Upon and Update the Version of The Association Statutes
**§3.4.1: "If interpretation questions should arise in the statutes, these issues will be dealt with immediately with the board deciding the interpretation until the next big meeting. During the big meeting, the misinterpretation will be decided and adjusted."**

Due to conflict among members with statute changes and definitions outlined within the Github repository, Tadj believe it would serve the organization better if members agree which set of statutes to recognize as official. In this way, we have an official stance on conflicting statute versions, and can therefore update them accordingly.
Tadj proposes a vote to adopt and recognize officially the most upt-to-date version of the statute changes.

- Voted unanimously

#### Motion for the Dissolution of the Association
**§1.5: "The dissolution of the association requires approval of at least a 90% majority of the voters at the next major meeting. Upon dissolution, after any debts are paid, the remaining liquid funds accrue to one nonprofit organization elected by the association's members."**

With the current state of the association, it may be not be worth the effort to salvage it. A motion is raised by anonymous members to dissolve the association, potentially directing the resources of members to a new association to be created. 

- Voted 90%, yes

Reccommended non-profit: [Vaxjo Charity](https://vaxjocharity.se/)

#### Election of Board mebers.
Elections of:
    President - unanimous, Tadj
    Vice-President - George, unanimous
    Treasurer - Rod, unanimous
    Secretary - Alex, unanimous


#### Motion to enstate Assistants for Board Roles
Tadj proposes assistant roles to shadow executive board member roles to ease the transition of power each year. Assistants would be one year under the existing role preferbaly.

- Irrelevant, organisation disbanded
#### Determination of the next financial year's membership fee
- 7/9
#### Selection of the next financial year's board
- Irrelevant due to motion to disband organisation
#### Selection of the next financial year’s Accountant
- Fortnox will continue to handle finances
#### Establishment of the next financial year's budget
- 0, no events (unanimous)
#### Report by the Board of the previous financial year

#### The Accountant’s review of the previous financial board's work


#### Motion for Standardization of Document Templates
Tadj proposes the following:
    1. Standardizing Project Proposals
        Tadj will decide on formats, collect feedback and present format at next meeting. 
    2. Standardize project development cycle to best use the proposal format. 
    Eg: Proposal can include expected time spent so that must be enforced.

- Skipped due to dissolution

#### Motion to allow/streamline Dismissal of Inactive board members
Tadj proposes an amendment to §2.5 'Exclusion of Member', that if a board member has been shown to not do their duties, and becomes unreachable for an extended period of time to be voted upon, their position is subject to a vote once brought to the attention of the board. This would allow for exclusion and association functioning smoothly in between big meetings.

- Skipped due to dissolution

#### Motion to (Re?)Enstate "Association Auditor" position to the board
Tadj proposes the addition of this auditor role to the board as it pertains to a University representative which is given direct voting power and ability to sit in on meetings.
- unanimous

#### On Dismissal of Dave Avery as president

##### Vote to Permanently Ban/Repeal removal of Linnea Khan in Connection with Events
- 8 votes, yes
##### Statement from members related to incident

### Other Matters
#### George's Event Schema Powerpoint
George would like to present a number of suggestions for ongoing club events.

Powerpoint wasn't prepared; organisation disbanded (irrelevant)
#### Edmunds' event coordination idea
 All events organized by Kodkollektivet should be recorded and ,if necessary, modified before publishing. 

Edmunds believes that the awareness of events happening in Kodkollektivet is not enough and it is necessary to create video content of what we are doing in order to help this organization grow.

Edmunds was not present to discuss the idea.

--------------------------------------------
### Meeting ended: 16:05
